This show was filmed on location at Brazos Hall during South by Southwest, sponsored by Yahoo!
Please put your hands together for the rap stylings of your mayor, Mr. Dan Harlan!
From the day I saw your face
Oopsie, I did fucked up
Toot, toot, beep, beep, toot, toot, toot, toot, family
We are in Austin, toot, toot, toot
Put your woman in the basket with a laundry and a shoe
My name is MC John
I'm here to mow the lawn
I put your panties on
When you're out and the lights aren't on
I sneaked into your room
I was inside your room
Okay, stop
Terrible
Off to a terrible start
Terrible, misogynist, to horrible, clinically disgusting show
You can't rhyme room with anything but womb
And no one wants to think about the womb when you're in a sexual way
The womb is its own thing
You don't want it to associate it with the sexual act
You want to associate it with life
And Texas
Thanks for having us back
Austin, the Portland of Texas, as I call it
You guys are fantastic
Thanks for waiting around and coming here
We're here in Austin because we're premiering
our sixth season of my little show, Community
There's a little bit of overlap there between the audiences
for Community and the podcast
How many people here are strictly here just for Community?
By applause
It's a podcast, don't raise your hands
That doesn't get us anywhere
Okay, how many people here are just die-hard Harmontown fans
and don't give a shit about Community?
You know what I'm saying?
Don't give a shit about Community
I'm just trying to find the polls here
You're trying to stir shit up
You want a rumble
What'd you say, sir?
Okay
The talk-back format might not work as well
We found Texan shy Adam Goldberg
Wait, no! What's that?
The postman only rings once
Also, you don't have a doorbell
He's yelling
I don't know what that saying means
I got nothing, so it's going to be a bad show
but we'll be done about 8.30
Wait, look at all of the...
I just walked in the back door and came out here
and more money has been spent
promoting Community in this room
than in five years
And by that, I mean there's two vinyl signs
and some balloons
which is huge
It's a 500% increase in the marketing budget
for our show
It's pretty crazy
Yahoo has been a very strange experience
for everybody on that sad little show
that has really become accustomed to...
I don't know if I'm supposed to address the sirens
or just ignore them
I don't know what a master performer would do
work the sirens into the thing
I don't know, the sirens are here
What are you doing out here?
What's all this?
It's a police officer
Anthony jesslenick had a pretty good one
He was doing a thing and the siren goes outside
You can barely hear it on the recording
and he says, that's how hard I'm killing
I just stole some guys' joke
You credited him
What was I talking about?
Oh, Yahoo's great
You're saying it was strange for the cast
It's been a weird experience for them
They're being treated like a cast of a TV show?
Yeah, I mean...
You would think it was 1995
and that we were getting a free rating
or something in the way that Yahoo
talks to the cast and stuff
They talk about doing Emmy campaigns
and promoting the show and stuff like that
I've told this story before
but Kathy Sabat, the CMO
of Yahoo came to the set and visited
and she was like, gathered the cast around
and was just filling them in on what we were going to be doing this year
and ten minutes into it
she noticed that they were being really quiet
and she was like, are you guys...
am I offending you or something?
and then Ken Jong went, really sincerely
you have to understand, no one's ever talked to us like this before
and it was really sad and delightful
but it is like, there's no enemies now
and I don't know if it's going to have a positive
or a negative impact on the contents of the show
because I just work on it
and now all of a sudden it's like
okay, well...
I have no...
Yeah, if there's no Death Star
there's no Darth Vader up there
why leave Tatooine, man?
Yeah, why not just make a show
about going to Mos Eisley
and when that guy says like
I don't like you either, you go like
well, why don't you get to know me?
and then you just like move into an apartment with him
and the...
there could be structural issues with this season
is what I'm saying
we got a B plus in Entertainment Weekly
No, no
I sleep on my office couch
this is an A minus show
I don't know what they give AAs to
How many nights a week are you sleeping on the office couch?
All of them?
Literally all like week
like Erin just like
just hit a tipping point where she was like
we either had to
identify this as a problem
and therefore solve it with divorce
or we had to like look at this as like
this is what it's going to be
until we're done shooting
and so like there'll be days where I just like
okay, going to sleep on the couch
and then I'll wake up and work on the show
but now I feel self-conscious talking about that
because you're going to watch it and you're going to be like
you slept on your couch?
It's just a karate kid joke
I could have got home by
three at least
alright but
I want to
I want to bring out Spencer right away
I
Dan, I'm going to start from the top
You ready?
I know you have troubles with the intro here
No, it's like you're going to start right away
I can wait one bar
as long as you want
State the one wherever you
It's always on the one man
Spencer make yourself comfortable
I like that they've given you a nice
Barcelona chair
Is that what you call this? Is this a Barcelona chair?
I believe it's a reproduction of what they used to call
a Barcelona chair
Who is it by Miller or Knoll or something
Oh well this is an Ikea article
No, it's not an original one
I think they call it a Flonox
A Flonox
They call it a Stubnortz
Alright Dan, Spencer rap
Okay stop it
You're right
What's happening up here is entertainment
You're not going to burst that bubble
You are certainly right to applaud and woo for that
That certainly wasn't what would have happened
if your uncle had come up here
with a drink in his hand
This is nothing like just one of your weddings
What's going on
It's actual entertainment
that's worthy of being broadcast and paid for
You're absolutely right
So you're still rockin'
the flannel
even though it's a little arid out here
Oh it's quite arid out here Dan
That sigh wasn't for you
It was for me
Are we going to
play something tonight
I don't care
I was thinking maybe we could start off
with some checkers
move into some tag
We'll figure it out
Do you have a B in your bonnet
politically, socially, or economically?
Oh man
I don't know
Okay so I listened to this radio station
that's big claim to fame
as they're always talking about how commercial
free they are
Well every commercial break
they say commercial free
It's stupid as fuck
but the worst thing is they go commercial free
starting now
they play one song and then they do two minutes of commercials
That's literally the opposite of commercial free
And this is the selling point of the station
is that they're commercial free
They're saying they're commercial free
but there are commercials
They're saying they're commercial free one song
before playing a three minute block of commercials
More commercials than music
Bullshit
So they're just letting you know the commercials are over
for the time being
But you'd also know that
if you started hearing the song being played
Why are you listening to radio
You're a star child
Why do you even know about radio?
You know
Sometimes my
Apple watch is broken
I
Yeah
It was really tragic
when the Apple watch got announced
Are you gonna get an Apple watch?
No, it's pretty dumb if we're honest
Too soon
It's all about that
Galaxy wear
Is that what they call
Samsung
wrist
We're not in some way
affiliated with Samsung today
Are we?
I know sometimes that happens
Good riff
about the Uber
sexual harassment
The president of Uber said
you're welcome for the catering
Oh shit
I didn't even have any of that catering
I sat in front of a guy
on the flight out here
I walked on the plane
and the first guy I see Robert Duvall sitting on the plane
that was very cool
and he looked bummed out, he didn't like it
He looked like he was not happy to be coming to South by Southwest
What do you think that would sound like
if Robert Duvall was bummed out on a plane?
I'm on a big, big titted plane
It's a big titted plane
But then I go back
and I'm sitting way back in steerage
and there's two guys behind me
and I
it was like sitting in front of two abeds
from community
and they were out abetting each other
so I did this, cool, cool, cool
and one of the guys worked for Samsung
I know that because he said it nine fucking
thousand times during that time
at one point actually I got him and said
do you guys mind
they were talking full, like, louder than I'm talking
right now on a plane full of adult people
How loud
in comparison to how loud
the audience is talking right now
are they talking?
Oh
Can you
have
Every time we come to South by Southwest
we're always somehow in a room
where there's an auction happening
Are we at a fud ruckers?
What the fuck is going on?
I don't understand
Are we double booked?
Is there a bachelor party?
I know it can't be anyone's fault
but who the fuck is talking?
What is going on?
The last time we did it
we booked it and I thought oh I guess that's
this room like the last place it's all brick
and glass and nothing but reflective surfaces
and it's
The last place there was an excuse because
it was literally just a hotel lobby
like anyone could be there
like I don't know how people get in
but apparently there's a lot of trouble
from some people trying to get in so
there's no excuse
We could come down hard on these people
and say it could be quiet but then we'd have to replace that silence
with entertainment
That's the thing, that's why I don't complain
because I'm not going to be like hey shut up over there
I'm trying to do what
you're doing
but in a more
entitled way
We're being heckled by the people that want
to listen
I can't
That emperor is naked
If you don't know, I mean, come on
Wait, come on, what are you doing?
Are you on the staff?
Oh you're just wearing a
Okay
What the fuck is happening?
I feel like
Harmontown has crossed a threshold
We've been so laissez-faire
about letting the
Hey everybody at the bar, shut the fuck up
It's not going to work
I love you, I love you
If you want to be a part of it, come up
and grab a mic, let's meet you
Sightline guy, get on stage
South by Southwest
Going to meet a person
How are you? Your name is Jordan
I see you on your tag
Is it on?
We're on
How are you guys doing? My name is Jordan
What's your Twitter account?
Don't tell them not to boo you
Apologies, apologies
Boo if you like
Don't boo him
I'm sorry
I shouldn't tell you what to do
Alright Jordan, why are you at South by Southwest?
I'm at South by Southwest
because me and my partner
Ryan Brown, we are starting an alcohol delivery app
It's called Top Shell
Are you just up here to plug your own shit right now?
He asked me
Wait, wait, wait Jordan
I'm going to ask you a question, I want you to be very honest with me
Yes sir
You were standing over on the sidelines, standing up
on the stage right edge of the stage
and you said tweet me, are you giving me a tweet shout out
No, no, I asked for his Twitter handle
so we could tweet him
So you could tweet him? Yes
Because that would get Dan what, a million more followers
or what happened?
No, no, I said I liked him
because I thought he was funny
And at the moment you get on stage
you start shilling your product
No, not at all
I don't know how much of a crime that is
South by Southwest
has been infiltrated by capitalist interests
It's
the secret's out
There's not a lot of people here
for the spiritual
edification of it
You've got to give me some fairness here
You did ask me, didn't you? Yes, it's an honest answer
You're here because of this product
I feel ironically compelled
to stick up for anybody who's being
I feel like we
let you on stage in the same way the Germans
let the troops at Normandy on the beach
I feel like
you were coming up here
No matter how
that was too soon, I'm sorry
I
disagree, I thought it was
I feel like we have been ambushed here, Dan
I'd like to hear more about his alcohol
distribution app that
Who doesn't like
to drink, right?
We're all drinking here? I don't like a drink
What do I do with your app?
I don't drink
Yeah, so
What's in it for me?
Do you do weed? What's that?
You should do weed
We do do weed
Eventually
We're not there yet
What is the app?
Is it like a yummy.com
like you deliver booze to people?
So you get on the app
We connect with your local liquor stores
and we display their inventory
on your iPhone
So basically you can scroll through
say I want a bottle of Jamison, a six-pack
and we bring it to you in under an hour
So whether you live in Texas
or wherever
Now you're not the one driving
when they bring it, right? No, we actually
Because you've been using this app all day
Yes!
Which is fine, like you're a spokesman for it
I've been walking, Uber is awesome
Yeah, so
it's like one of those
it's another one of those, not to trivialize it
It's another kind of peer-to-peer
No, that's not the word
It's a fucking thing that delivers
alcohol
It's like a
pink elephant or I don't know what's
local or what's, what was the
gizmodo
bling bling
Grubhub, Grubhub, Grubhub
It's like Grubhub for booze!
Why is there a show tonight
like an episode of Price is Right? Everyone's yelling shit out
Hey, come on!
It's an infomercial
Now I don't know about you, but
every time I want to get drunk
I'm always too far away from the booze
There you go
Great, yeah
Alright, well thank you Jordan for
Jordan, Jordan
I'm going to let you guys get back to the show
I really do appreciate you guys
Jordan real quick, Jordan real quick
We'll give you a plug, what's the name of the app again?
Top Shelf
You can follow us on Instagram
We're just at Top Shelf
Okay, Jordan's pretty simple
Jordan, you're a booze delivery professional
Right? Oh, oh yeah
Lots of training
And we allowed you up on stage
We plugged your product, right?
Now Jordan, do me a favor
I know, I have like a double bullet ride on the rocks
Go grab me a drink
Will you get it for Jeff?
The reputation of your company is on the line
I'm on the way baby
We're timing him, time him
Someone's going to stop watch
Play some music
How long it takes him to bring you liquor
Look, he's really doing it
Hey Jordan, tick tock
We're getting a lot of gestures
Oh
Looks like new media has failed us again
Well my name is Top Shelf
You ain't getting a motherfucking drink
No way, I can't get you a booze
Can't get you a drink
Jesus Christ
I didn't ask for a goddamn beer
Jordan, I asked for a bullet ride
On the rocks
This is
Jack Daniels on the rocks, go Jordan
Go
Jack Daniels
No liquor here guys
Cheers
Jordan, you know you should do
If there's no whiskey here, you should use your app
Unfortunately, our app is not live
Until this next Friday
Wait, I gotta
Just Jeff
No
I'm not waiting six days for a drink Jordan
You are the Uber of booze apps
We have launched, we've asked Apple
They rejected
Our advance
We tried to make it
But we're coming
Well my grandpa lied about his age so he could fight in World War II
We're American
I don't know what that means
Alright Jordan, give me that beer
Thank you for Jordan everybody
Jordan and Top Shelf
Come on, it's a weird world
And it's a new generation
Taking the battle to the streets
There's 300 million of us
And our economy is going to be fine
Because it's in those hands
Our nation has determined
It refuses to lift things
Manufacture things, export things
But we're on it, we're an innovation
Economy
Dreamers, that's going to pay the rent
Can I just say
Did anyone else find it weird that his business
Only had an Instagram account
Like I feel like you start with Twitter
Facebook, right
Instagram is
I don't know, I don't know
Alright, I got a special guest
That I wanted to chat with
Let's bring him up first
Ladies and gentlemen
My partner
The shelf to my Top Shelf
Dot com
Who years ago
At South by Southwest said
Let's come up with an app that delivers
Entertainment to people upon request
So we started making this show together
Please welcome
The other executive producer of
Community, Chris McKenna
There he is
Coming from the day I met Chris McKenna
I knew he was the one
Look at this leisurely walk of the stage
He's a giant Irish man
That lacks the fun
Family, family, family
Chris McKenna's here
Take a mic at any seat you like
Yes
Hey Jordan, he just gave me a sip of whiskey
Jordan, he has another podcast to ambush
Is it on?
Is that guy just walking around town
Storming stages?
Check
There's a tiny switch there
But my hands are full
Check
Tiny, delicate fingers of Jeff Davis
Thank you
Chris McKenna, I like the way that
That was just a sip
It was not for you
Get an app
I thought you were just setting it down
Sure
Somebody keep your eye on the time
Can we bring Harmon Dino
Hybrid up on stage real quick in the front row
Will you come up on stage sir?
Can we get Dan?
Reading Rainbow
You're just talking about that guy
Only if he wants to
Do you want to come up on stage
Or at least just stand up
This guy looks a little bit if Dan Harmon
and Dino Stamatopoulos had a child together
If
Barbara and some community and Dan
Had a love child
I can fiddle with that mic
Here Dan
Rainbow
Yeah
Jeff is saying we're feeding this
On video right, so some people can
This is exciting, no it's not a live stream
Today Dan
So Jeff is saying you look like
If me and Dino had a baby
Alright
She knows
What's your name?
Use the mic
Yeah
Like an ice cream
Is it working?
Also you were brought on stage
Because of how you look
That's working
You got a
Reading Rainbow shirt
Yup
It's Jordan
Reading Rainbow
Jordan's back everybody
He's got to be in his backpack
Oh
Jordan just brought me
A full bottle of bullet rye whiskey
I take it all back
That was pretty quick
There's another app
Called the Austin police
You know
That don't allow that by the way
As you notice there's no kettle up here
Or even Tito's
I'm allowed to receive gifts if I don't open them up on stage
It's unopened so that should be fine
Alright
Well thank you Mike
Unless you have something you'd like to plug
I think you should
Thank you Jordan
That'll be all
Jordan, wait, table 5 needs bread
That's Jeff's joke
Thank you Mike
Mike's got an app too
Alright
Who wants to ask Chris McKenna
A question about community
Dan is going out into the audience
With his little baby run
Raise your hand if you've got a question
For Chris McKenna
Executive producer of community
Alright
I like this guy
What's your question for Chris McKenna
Who's made community what it is
What's your favorite episode
Boring
What is your favorite episode
You mean of community or just any TV show of all time
Obviously of community
The French diplomacy episode of news radio
Okay, alright, moving on
This guy's
Second
Dungeons & Dragons
My wife and I, we tweet, we do whatever we can
To the sponsors of the community
In the past, we still want to do it moving forward
So moving forward
What can the fans do to help support community
As we rock on
I get asked that so often
That you're getting tired
Of hearing my response
I have no idea
I love it and watch it
Are people supposed to just watch TV
When did we let them trick us
Into thinking that we needed to work for our television
Like a bunch of fucking proletes
In an Orwell novel
Dan, name another
Orwell animal farm
Moby Dick, bitch
No, honestly
Yahoo said when they came on
Look, tell everyone to back off
Back the fuck off
This is all us
Tell the fans
Just watch it
I hope you guys enjoy it
And if you love it, talk about it
With your friends
We don't want to enlist you guys
Just love it
But when you do talk about it, don't do that thing with your face
You know what I'm talking about
You don't
What's your question
And answer
A themed period
I hope it's about Wieners
What's your favorite physical feature
Of Dan Harmon
It is about Wieners
That's good
You don't even have to answer, Chris
I'm doing a montage in my head
All of them
I want to take every element
And then do this to it
You put the dead eyes
I think the dead
The dead stare
Let's mix up the all male
With a female question
I bet it's going to have eyelashes and a pink bow
This question
Is there any
You can muster what
It's kind of related
Did you watch Gillian Jacobs on Girls?
I have not seen Gillian on Girls
But I love the idea of her being on it
No, I did not
Did you see Gillian on Girls?
I did not
That really was a female question
Yeah, I know
I felt like a stereotype
Will you say hey to Megan
Because she's dying that she's not here
All right, hey Megan
We miss you
We know you're that thing going on
We're all pulling for you
Some of us
More than less
But anyway, Megan
Call me
Wow, this is really
Yeah, this is working out
This is Gans, right?
By the way, the show is so much better offstage
I don't know why
All right, let's get Hanson Patton as well to ask
If you were in front of a room full of people
And had to rank the Rocky Training Montages
From worst to best
What would you do?
Oh boy
I'd rack my brain for all the Rocky Montages
I guess
The one with the chicken?
Yeah, the chicken one's got to be the best one
But then you had
The Carl Weathers one
I like the one on the beach
On the Venice Beach
What about the one where they're intercutting it with Ivan Drago
And Rocky's like doing like
Out in the snow doing real shit
Like high-tech 1990s
Or late 1980s
Punches a robot in the steroid
It's at the height of like
Ragonomics, it's like we're the underdogs
Because the Russians have all of this
Amazing equipment
And poor little American Rocky
Has to train with a stick
If you've ever seen
The Russian arcade games
You know
They were all like top flight
On top of all of their electronics
We really like
I think we all miss the Cold War now
Even people that weren't born during it
Because they must watch like movies and TV
From the Cold War era and go man that was so
Simple and innocent
There was just a bunch of other white people
You were kind of mad at
And so you made spy thrillers about it
The only people that got hurt
Were people that their countries were too hard to pronounce
To be on the news
It was great
To watch movies
Supposed to be suddenly worried about
Like ducking and covering
Right? Yeah
The idea that the world was at stake every
All day because it was just about coke and Pepsi
So simple
And then those towers came down
Oh that's funny
What a generation
Or the wall came down
And then it was like movies like
I don't know what is it the dream team
Yeah dream team I think
Was a response to the Berlin Wall
Coming down I'm pretty sure
Night breeders?
I think it's just night breed
They don't care nobody cares
That ends the segment
Ask Chris McKenna a question
I'm so sorry
No it's just they don't
They don't care about night breed I've talked to them about it
They don't care and they don't care about
Race either that's really frustrating
Speaking of how are you sir
You're raising your hand
How many meow meow beans
Does Dan Harmon get
Okay that's a bonus question
For you how many meow meow beans
Well
I don't know
It's kind of a gotcha question
It is because you know he's a man of the people
So we should be a one or a two
Right
But he's a secret elitist so
Six
Alright now that definitely
Ends the segment
Why you pointed at him
You had a really good question
He has
He pointed at his beard
Chris are you going to be playing
Shadowrun tonight
Oh
I wish I could take a picture
Oh wait I've seen
I know the answer that sir
We're actually going to bring Jordan back up
Is that the book I keep on seeing you with
I would love to
I've not been invited
Do you guys notice how unanimously the crowd
Instantly didn't like Jordan when he came up
A unanimous booing right off the bat
I don't know
I don't know if this show has ever had a villain
But that guy seems like
Absolutely
The show's had a lot of villains but he really took the cake
He was hard-bucked there from Die Hard
I feel like we're trading down
Because last time I was in Austin here
We had the guy that came up and talked about Bitcoin
And he was amazing
And he smelled good but he was doing the same thing
That Jordan was doing
Yeah but he was dynamic and awesome
And he smelled like delicious candy too
Yeah
It has to be observed that the guy
He slid into that role and then he came back
And when everybody
He came back with his backpack and then everyone was like
Waaaboo
And we never felt more alive
The coolest thing about the Top Shelf app
Is that I'm not paying for this whiskey
It's totally free
I've been a community since season one
If there's anything that you need
To be more alive, it's a villain
Yeah
You absolutely need a villain
You've been surrounded by them
By communities
Yes, and Harmontown needs a villain
It makes it better
There's no villain at Yahoo
There's no overlord that you're fighting against
No, we're scraping around looking for one
There was a security guard
That was bugging us for a while
And there's that guy who won't
That's some low-stakes potatoes
There's a guy who won't steam clean the floors
Fuck that guy
There is a guy
At CBS Radford that says
That we keep pouring our coffee on the concrete
And he doesn't want to steam clean the concrete
Because we pour our coffee on it
He's insane
Can you imagine if a janitor was like
I saw that guy litter, I'm not gonna do my job anymore
Also, nobody pours coffee on concrete
He's making it up
That's where the garbage guy puts
The garbage bags and all the garbage juice leaks
Under that spot
We're the ones that are there 24 hours a day
Concrete steamer can
Fuck off
I mean, I'd steam clean
They could pay me to steam clean the concrete
I'd do it for fun, it sounds fucking amazing
I know
Doesn't it sound fun just to do once
Being a DJ or a teacher
Just do it for an hour, steam clean concrete
It sounds really cool
Okay, maybe I'm wrong
No, you're absolutely right
I'd also like to tar a driveway
Tar a driveway?
Yeah, just for like 20 minutes
Just the tar, no asphalt on top
Just lay the tar down
This is amazing, I don't know
What do you do, if I don't put anything underneath
I believe tar is the adhesive
That holds the top surface
And what's the top surface made out of
Just driveway material?
It's cement, isn't it?
What can't be
See, this is amazing
You don't put rebar on a driveway, madam
Rebar?
There's rebar in a driveway?
Really?
Superhighway?
Think about it, bars are heavy
Sorry
You're right
If you have
One more thing to say about rebar
You have to come up
Do you have more opinions about rebar?
No
I took too long to explain that
I was just saying
You'd have to come up if you
You appear to have a walker
I don't know that we could get you up on stage for that thing
Are you wounded? What happened?
My spine is collapsing
Your spine is collapsing?
Now you have to come up
No, you can't
Sorry, I don't know how much you can hear
What you can't hear
This young lady started talking about rebar pipe
You can't hear you
She has a walking device
She has it because her spine is collapsing
This is a story
That we want to hear
Just sit at the edge of the stage
Stand with her
We're getting you a mic
Are you comfortable there?
We're not making you do things that
What's your name?
Annie
Annie's spine is collapsing
What does that mean?
I have something called
Degenerative Spinal Stenosis
What happened was
In December, I stopped being able
To walk
That really sucked
Was there an event
That Stephen Hawking story
Where he's walking down the stairs
There's one moment where you're like
I really wish it was more interesting
I fell down in my hallway
I was carrying some laundry
Stephen Hawking was just a stairwell
You're just as interesting as him
That's perfect
You're walking in your hallway
And then you lost your ability to walk
Literally
I was stuck there for a few hours
I was in so much pain I couldn't move
I also have something called sciatica
And when I get it I also can't walk
So I was thinking that's what it was
So I had to crawl to a phone
Which was really fun
With your arms like Stephen Segal
It was like war zone
Without all the excitement
Then I went to the hospital
And I was in the hospital for a few weeks
And they said
The stenosis thing
Which is a phrase I've heard
You know that sound I make when I laugh
They think
That's like
It has something to do with cartilage
Getting thinner or something
In the back
You know how old people bend over
As they get older and they're leaning
You see them on their walkers
And they look like they're all hunched
That's actually because their spines are falling apart
Because the cartilage
Why am I getting so clinical?
What's the payoff of me understanding it?
I got it! Good night!
Phone's coming together
The important thing is the emotional side
How old are you?
I'm 30
Even if you were 70
It's too long to find out one day
That walking is behind you
No, totally
They don't want to operate on me
Because I'm young
Because they can fuck that up
And I would never be able to do anything
Ever again
They could paralyze me with the surgery
That I would need to correct this
So now
What's the word prognosis?
What can you expect?
Well
I have to keep going to physical therapy
Using this beautiful thing
And
I take a lot of pain medication
I get a lot of injections into my spine
Is it going to get worse and worse?
Yeah, it's degenerative
It's not going to get any better
I can make the symptoms better
Can I actually have a sip of this?
I was just going to tell you
Jordan's giving you a free account to Top Shelf
When it's actually working
I would really need that, frankly
It is the least we can do
With medications, I get dry mouth really easily
And now you're talking to me
You said you could pill mouth
Sorry, I misheard that
I take a lot of medications
So I can dry hump easily
That's not what she said
Also true
The doctors will not operate under there
Worried they could affect her ability to dry hump
That's the last thing that
That's the last thing I really want
If I couldn't dry hump anymore
Life wouldn't be worth living
Are you a dry hump fan?
You like your dry humping?
I think it's underrated
I think it is
If you get a good dry hump
That's a good night
Absolutely
If you get a good dry hump
That can almost be better than good oral sex
I agree
I think you're probably impressing people a lot
With your radiance
In the face of something that a lot of people could use
As an excuse to be a pretty crabby person
Thank you
That's all that dry humping
I do my best not to be an asshole
If there's anything we could do
In the context of a show
That otherwise has no direction anyway
We would actually be thankful
If you just gave us something to do
Is there anything
Some kind of fantasy
On this like the podcast?
Yeah
I'm a master improviser
I can create scene work
Worlds within worlds
Aw man
I'd love to see you guys
Improvise like a character ship
Like
Creating fan fiction on
Have you ever seen the erotic fan fiction live thing
That happens in LA?
No
Erotic fan fiction live?
Yeah it's like a podcast thing
It's somewhere
So it's like somebody is like
Skully and then someone's like
Kirk and they just get on stage together
Exactly it's like
I think it's also competitive
It's like competitive erotic fan fiction
Like what this is
I'd like to see you and Chris
Do a little erotic community fan fiction
Yeah I would totally love that
And I think we should
Use your favorite characters
Who do you want to see us do?
Well okay so
I actually am in costume
Right now my favorite character is Annie
Oh your name is Annie
You're gonna say you're kind of dressed like Annie
Yes it's true it's sad but true
I have a blog actually
About Annie's costumes
It's literally Annie's clothes
Have you had that for years and years?
No I actually just recently started it
Because I've been cosplaying Annie for years
What did you think about season 5
Annie?
I fucking hate pants and I want them to die
I
I'm in such a difficult position
There because I love Annie the way she
Always was but I also don't want to
I don't want to freeze her in time
Dresses and cardigans
It's such a winning combination
And now silk shirts what the fuck
Damn
Like
I did a blog post
Of the whole season 6 promo
That was just released the age of yahoo thing
Like almost every single frame
Is a silk shirt
Do you know how hot silk shirts are?
Ridiculous
First of all I'll just say
Nobody was more pained than me
To tell Annie to stop dressing
Like the way that we met her
But I felt like I was liking it for the wrong reasons
And so I
Like I felt like she was supposed to grow
Up because and I felt like
I would see people that were watching the show
They're growing up with Annie and they're like
I didn't want her to continue to be like this thing
But okay so here's the thing
Because your spine is collapsing
And because you're a good person
And because you like her
For the right reasons
Now I have the excuse to say
We have two episodes left to do
For the finale
Annie will start wearing
Mid like above the knee
Floral
Just dictate it and take it down
And I'll go to wardrobe
Yes
We can do this this is very easy
They have a room full of clothes
And you can just dictate
I have a patent paper and
This is fans effecting change
So okay from top to bottom
What do you want start with the hair
Actually my only real request
Would be that I find out where you buy her clothes
Because like the big thing
With cosplaying right now is buying the same things
That they have on the show
This is actually the same sweater
She wore in this episode
Well we can
We'll figure that out
I'm sure wardrobe would love to honestly
Like they
Literally just nice dress
Nice cardigan not too low cut
She's not a whore
She wore a back brace
Annie be specific
Give us a color so that when you watch that episode
You know that you actually have the same
I think it should definitely be yahoo purple
A yahoo purple
You know maybe a little honda blue
Like something
Like yellow
Like a purple cardigan
Purple cardigan
Floral dress
And flats
Flats and tights obviously
If so desired
I mean might as well
I don't want to step on anyone's toes creatively
Yeah I mean I wouldn't I'm not going to stand in the way of
I think
Alright
So you'll see the finale
This is like a dream coming true
You have to remember that
Chris has to remember that
I don't have to do anything
I'll talk to you guys
I'll remind you
So we're all watching the finale of that season
And we see Annie in purple and yellow
It's because Annie here
Yes because a real Annie
Who gave everything
Yes
Alright well let's have a hand for Annie
Thank you
Thank you very much
You're so sweet thank you
I hope to God
That when something bad starts happening to me
I
I can start to become
A good person miraculously
What about Rebar
I don't know she knows about that
We didn't want to like corner her about Rebar
At that moment
Aaron is here
My wife
Look at this dress
You're like a creamsicle
You look like a creep
Like a creeper
Minecraft
How does she look
A creamsicle
Aren't creamsicles orange
Are creamsicles green
Creamsicles are green
Sometimes
Really?
No they're orange
I got a little distracted
How is everybody doing
Wait now stop it
Creamsicles are any color they need to be
But they're defined by having cream
In the middle of them
I disagree I think creamsicles are orange
With cream in the middle
Are all creamsicles orange
That's a very tepid response
There's some cherry ones
But there's not any lime creamsicles
Originally it was an orange and white affair
But I think they might have added other flavors down the road
But not green though
I've never seen a green creamsicle
That's what I'm saying
They're orange
Alright this guy
Yeah high five
I came here in a petty cab
Oh yeah?
Because I couldn't get a ride out
This guy's got a green creamsicle motherfucker
Oh shit
But this looks like a kind of
I don't know that looks like some black market shit
I came here in a petty cab
Because I couldn't get a ride
And the petty cab had to go
Across the bat bridge
While people were gathering to watch the bats
And it was a nightmare
Because I felt like I was doing some
Weird performance art because I was wearing this dress
They're waiting for the bats but you're the only thing
That they're getting
And then I heard
Oh princess
Princess coming through
And I got so bad that I started
Kind of like holding my leg
To imply that maybe
Yeah that I was hurt
Oh but I wouldn't give for a collapsing spine
I'm kidding she liked it
She got it
By the way a lot of Annie's clothes are from H&M
Yes and Forever 21
And recently and more recently
J Crew
But you don't like that stuff
The recent stuff
It's my fault
I'm sorry
Oh man
So you guys are all employees at Yahoo?
Cool
I heard resounding yeses
I know you're not I'm just kidding
If you want
Can we talk just about
How hard it is to be married to me
While I'm working on the show
So that Chris can feel better
Tell me about it
We're kind of both married to Dan
Chris is on his second kid
Work wife
Our pilot
I mean it's like
It's a big theme of this year
Between me and Chris who are just
Running the show without any kind of
We're not like oh then there's
That other guy that helps us and so
We're just kind of like not home at all
And
I just wanted to uncork that entertainment
Fountain
I assume it's the same as
Being married to like a sailor
Who's off at sea
It's very similar
When you watch the show
Are you gonna be like
No but I'm saying when you watch it
It doesn't premiere until March 17th
On Yahoo
When you watch it
I'm really
There's a syndrome that happens where
I haven't been home in three days
And then I can either come home for the fourth day
Or I can stay and try to make the show
Worth not having been home for three days
Because I keep picturing you watching the show
And going
That's exactly what goes through my mind
All the time
When I miss my children's birthdays
I go like
I'm like oh if she laughs a lot
Then she'll forget
Right?
Or when your son Charlie is in a flop house
And someone's like community's on
He's like yeah it's real good isn't it
It's worth it isn't it
As he's trying to hide his swastika tattoo
Oh look they're doing a karate
Kid joke
Great while he's getting
A big bang theory tattoo on his ass
Or something
Yeah Charlie McKenna
Is going to be like the biggest big
Bang theory fan in the world
I doubt I'll watch it
I was the biggest fan of World War II Japanese
With a creative eye
I'm sure I'll just be very supportive
But I will say that a couple days ago
My dad and I were talking
Like it was after like a string
Of you not being home for four or five days
And Chris I don't want to like
Belittle you not seeing your kids
But we have two dogs
And
That's more difficult than children
I know thank you
I'm just kidding
Every time I feel sad that Dan's not there
To see the dogs grow up I'm like oh no
They're human beings
I actually do like I'm not doing it to be
Like I
For exactly the reason like sometimes Aaron
Will send me the hostage pictures of the dog
Like the dogs are being cute
And I will just like copy and paste
A video of your kid
I put it back but I am just
It does make me feel better
His first time on the potty and stuff
Because dogs never learn to talk
It's harder
Like your kids really slowly becoming
Something that can take care of himself
What would you do if one of our dogs
Did manage to talk
And you weren't there for it
Big deal
I'd be sad
Really quick I was talking to my dad
The other day and my dad's like
My dad is obsessed with Dan
When is community premiering
And this is after like five days
Of you not being home and I'm like
Can you just not talk about her right now
I said her
She referred to the show as her
You guys are checked out
It is very loud
Oh you guys
Can't hear
There's mingling
Happening at the bottom
The speakers are not pointed towards
The frontist of Rose is probably the problem
I'm up here just now
I was having a great time
I didn't know you couldn't hear me
I was like patting myself on the back
For ignoring the sound
I'm such a good performer
Because I'm supposed to care about that
But they can't hear that
And then they're
But
I'm very very excited
About community and it's going to be
It's going to be great
Do you guys see that Jeff has walked off
Stage and is now
Grumble grumble grumble
I got a treatment for respect of a pilot
Of a thing
I got a new app
It's called creepy stone guy on stage
I come into your podcast
Who was it
At South by Southwest
That said to another person at South by Southwest
Will you please meet me
To talk business
At the Harmontown show
Here's where it is
Here's what time it starts
Dan it's Jeff Davis
I'm reporting live from the back of the bar
You can't hear shit back here
It's very noisy back here Dan
Hey Jeff what's going on
There's a lot of people going grumble grumble
Mumble grumbles
How you doing back here what's your name miss
You are here right
What's your name
Stephanie how old are you Stephanie
I'm not handsome
I'm sorry I came on too hard
You guys have no booze back here it's just beer and wine
That's terrible
We got to get more of that top shelf booze
And get everybody fucked up
Right now
Drinks are on Stephanie
Free one round on Stephanie everybody
A round of beer and wine
It's an open bar
Yeah I think that's the problem
Mumbling riffraff
Mumbling in
It's not going to last long
You push down on it like a cyst
And it drains
It fills back up
They're having their cake and eating it too
They're listening to the podcast kind of
I don't mention it because
I thought I would be being selfish
By mentioning it because I thought only
From my last experience I thought
It's something I can hear but they can't hear
I could talk about this all day
So anyways
Community is going to be
Bad
And it's okay because I love you
No
It's going to be great
Dan how are you going to make it up here
When the community is done being written
What are you going to do to make it up all the time
You've missed together
Well now that I'm dressing Annie for Annie
I think I kind of like
Can I make a request?
Can you come home for dinner once a year?
Is that okay?
The finale of Community
Can you hug me?
Hi
Purple cardigan and a yellow floral dress
It's very
Thank you
What is your name and do you have a job that keeps you
Away
Oh wait
Oh hi Jeremy
Sorry
I'm just giggling because he was answering
Ernestly
Yeah
It's great
He's doing great
I can't imagine a world where I watch
Community looking for some reason
Why that's not, that's silly
It's going to be great
I mean it's my favorite show
I love how it's about
Just like friends playing pranks
And there's the Asian guy
That's a ghost
And there's
The personality
It's sometimes a black woman
And sometimes a blonde woman
And it's just fascinating
It's like no exit
You're John Paul Sartre
I tell her stuff about the show
That you guys don't know
The whole thing is taking place
In a bag of
Purell
That at the end of it
Wipes his hands with it and goes
Ew
How do you feel about Purell
Everybody on stage
I feel like it doesn't belong in bags
Yeah
I don't believe in germs
I don't like germophobia
I think it's silly
You don't believe in germs
I don't believe in making room
For them in society
I think that human beings are
Primates
We've been here a really long time
We were born into a world of germs
And when we disinfect
Each other and ourselves
Compulsively
We're just moving sand around
A beach and making a problem
It's just very interesting coming from the man
Who will only drink bottled water
He gave me the same speech when my five month old
Had the croop
I heard she had the croop
I wasn't there
That's not the same as being scared of germs
It's insane
We're all constantly
When you go into the bathroom
I bet this doesn't happen in the women's room
But in the men's room
There's always a
Ragged, grody
Threaded hand towel
Threaded through the door
Handle
By some jackass
Who thought he was the most important person
In the world and that you were a piece of filth
So he's not going to touch the bathroom door
I don't understand what you mean
The bathroom that when you leave the men's room
A stall door?
No, the bathroom door
So there's like this
He doesn't care about his fucking gross napkin
Hanging
And being on the floor
The bathroom's a shit-sty because people who are afraid of germs
They license themselves to make everything
Disgusting and filthy
There's like a crap and piss everywhere
Because everyone's not sitting on the toilet seat
And spraying their gross poop everywhere
So you put your fucking ass on the piece of plastic
That you share with the person next to you
They're not a monster
You are a germ!
You're made of germs
You're a blob of flesh
And blood
You crawl out of the ocean, you carry it with you
You're festooned with mites
And lice and fucking micro bugs
And grow up
And get over yourself
And share with others
I don't mind germophobia
Unless it's somebody's identity
Or personality
When they make it a thing
Yeah, no one wants to hang out with someone
Who's defined by their fear of anything
I do have a problem though
I just spend a lot of time in bars
And guys don't wash their hands
But the same guys, they see you
They're just determined to shake your hand
I just saw you grab your dick and not wash your hands
I don't want to shake your fucking hand
That's gross
I'll touch your dick, fine
If you want him to touch your dick
He'll absolutely, well he's coming up
To make you touch his dick
Meet you Annie, we're going to dry hump
We're going to touch your dick, it's going to be great
There's a human being here
Should you come up here just to
Because you probably
So Dan, talk about
The creation of the human being
I was in there for it
I was always obsessed
With the idea of race, believe it or not
And the idea of
Racism being
Something that people want to avoid
And then the idea of avoiding racism
Slowly becoming the most racist
Activity you could ever engage in
Because you have to start actually
Talking about race as if it's like this palette
Of paint
People are like, we have to
I don't know, I was just always fascinated with it
Oh no, oh nice
Oh, he can't talk
6,000
Fan points
Refusal to speak
Genuinely, genuinely afraid
Well it's supposed to, that's the neat thing
Isn't it? Yeah, no it is
It's a neat thing, but it's effective
It is really scary
For those of you here tonight
Who haven't seen the show
It's a really funny joke
That I wrote once
It's funny
It'd be funny if all these people
Talking were guerrilla marketers
For our community
They're all going like, you gotta check out the show
There's a good show, you know the show he's talking about
I don't know, I don't know
Gile soap, Gile soap, Gile soap
Who's that guy? Get him!
My question about the people
That are here at this bar
Is this their favorite bar
This is their cheers
Open bar is their favorite bar
Oh yeah
They found an open bar and they're not leaving
I'm gonna go down to the pub love
I'll be back after a pint
Be careful you know
They're doing a podcast down there tonight
Oh love
You know how you get when you go down to the pub
There's a podcast going on
You're in the back
It's fine, we can all live together
I just want me pint
Don't forget your lanyard
Yay!
Oh yes
Forgot me lanyard
Oh a bit of the same Miguel
Oh Andy are you doing tonight my friend
Oh good Miguel
I'm the Spanish Scottish guy
Oh what's all this then
Oh they're doing a podcast
As they tend to do
I'm the Spanish
When will it end
Well I missed it
You could just be a publican and have a bar
And the people could come in and have a drink
And there wouldn't be any podcast going on
You know sorry
Sorry to cut off your improv there
I feel like this guy probably doesn't watch community
Do you watch community
What was your favorite character
Not allowed to say this is a different guy than before
I'm not saying this was the same guy
I'm saying this is a guy who doesn't watch community
This is the podcast
This is an insane turn
Time out
Okay so I'll speak for the human being
He's saying time out so are you a fan of community
I don't
We gotta let him whisper to you
No you can whisper to me
I just feel like this would be
Okay
The easiest way to murder us
The human being's favorite character
Is Abed
Not a real character
You're just making that up
Human being can I translate
Your physical movement
Spencer do you have a question for a human being
Yeah
Look towards me I'm your translator
But don't look right at me
This is how I die
I mean he's not carrying any weapons
We'd be able to tell
This is the podcast
Human being
Why is Abed your favorite character
Can you explain through movement to me
Well where do I begin
Let's see
How do I make this make sense
Through a lot of time
And squares
Back in the beginning of
Oh angry everybody else understands
Talking
Talking about the past
And about our stories
Our personal let's go back a little bit
Erin you dumb bitch
Fuck you Erin
I'm out
No I'm back
Talking
About
TV
I like how he talks about TV
And he uses TV to
Reflect human interactions
And it makes me feel more
You're going to die at midnight
That's what he does
Let's have a hand for the human being number
Thank you
Thank you sir
Madam the human being
Human being
Do you think there's something to the idea
Of
That box that he was miming
The television Abed's
Proclivity for or propensity or need
To study humanity
Through that lens
The idea of separation
The idea of nylon fetishry
The idea of
The body being like encased
In like
A kind of coating of safe material
I don't know
Yes
Tactile like squeeze machines
Temple Grandin
What's a squeeze machine
You haven't seen the Temple Grandin HBO movie
What's Temple Grandin
Oh bro
It's the best bar in Austin
It is amazing
You haven't been to Temple Grandin on Rainy Street
You don't have to talk to anybody
You just go in and you get wrapped in gauze
And people pour drinks on you
Temple Grandin is a
When you first go in there they tell you
You can't have a drink because the drink you're ordering
Has never been heard of before
But then people start to believe in you
Because your brain just thinks different
Temple Grandin changed the way that we treat
Animals and slaughterhouses and did a lot
Wait
Didn't Upton Sinclair do that
Well in a way
He just pointed it out and then he was like goodbye
Upton Sinclair was about protecting
People from the health
Issues
Right
Temple Grandin actually was saying
We are being enormously cruel to these
Animals
And it's costing us money
It's a good thing we fixed all those problems
She's a savant and an amazing
Genius who has done a lot
Those balloons in the back are really cool
They're like dip and dots
Upton Sinclair
Kind of like the purell of the meatpacking
Industry
Yeah he was afraid of germs
Some germs are bad
When you're eating
You came up pretty hard
On germ people
I just mean the everyday
If you're out and about
And you die of a germ
I'll give you a million dollars
Does that include everything?
Like if you
Go in the bathroom right now with a q-tip
Rub the q-tip on any toilet seat
And put it in a petri dish
And see what grows
Then take the same q-tip
Well not the same one
Take a different q-tip, rub it on your armpit
Rub that in a petri dish
And does it know about Ebola or
I know about Ebola, it doesn't fucking
It's not gonna be in a toilet seat
These things that kill you
They live inside liquid
That's why in those sci-fi movies
About everyone dying
They have to go airborne
That's a big thing
Alright whatever you guys
Everyone be afraid, see where it gets you
Remember Super Volcano
Remember that week
There's a Super Volcano under Yellowstone
Who gives a shit?
What are you gonna die happy?
As somebody who shares a bed with you
Can I request that you
Don't lick anything out of a toilet seat
Or that you take a little bit of care
Even if you don't believe in it
By the way
Dan and I share a couch
I don't know what you're talking about
Also you got dressed together this morning
You look great
You look good
Do we play Shadowrun
In a weird
Echoey barn?
We're gonna have to play a high energy Shadowrun
To match the room tone
I'm up in the air about this
As a producer of a podcast
At the very least
We should hold off a bit
Maybe get some raps out of the way
And then do
A big burst
Of role playing
That's really high energy
Alright seriously
I'm gonna do the best fucking rap
It's not a joke
I'm gonna rap
It's gonna be the best rap
Everyone's gonna freak out
But I can't think about it
It's gonna be so good
You're gonna be like he didn't think about it
Just empty your head
And don't
Dan?
A suggestion Dan
No don't make a suggestion
Not a lyrical suggestion
A physical suggestion
Like last time when you were rapping out in the street
Maybe test how far the limits of this microphone
Do we know how far the signal
How far does that receiver go
Just to the back of the seats
We have someone that knows that kind of thing
We'll see
Are you ready Dan?
Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo
I got the flow in the science
Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo
Get ready for the best rap Dan Harmon has ever done
2015 South by Southwest
Austin Texas
Storm clouds
Lightning rain
I fucked your mama till I felt the pain
I walked streets
I saw your dad
I said fuck your mama and it wasn't bad
He said you and I
We should be friends
We could be friends until the end
Because we both fucked your mama and she's my wife
So now I fucked your mama all my life
And we we're both married to your mom
I'm talking about major Tom level sci-fi
Blast it off into the space
So fuck your mama in her eye and everything on her face
That sounded gross
I'm so sorry
Yo Yo
My name is Kevin Johnson
I am a different character
What the fuck
Get the fuck out of here
Yo
I'm Kevin Johnson
What?
Strange development
My name is Kevin Johnson and I'm here to say
Every rap that I do is in a Kevin way
I go hip to the hop to the Kevin to the tip
I fucked your mama from her nose to her lip
Kevin Johnson
Not much different, just lower octave
Get out of here
Austin style
Texas
Sand
Cactus
Big land
Houston
Can suck my dick
Yeah
Don't have to rhyme when they applaud
Houston can suck my dick
Dallas
Fuck you
You're just a TV show
I fucked your mama so hard
She enjoyed it
We're dating now
We're committed
I truly love her
I'm committed to her
It's called beyond sexuality
I don't even care anymore
I consider your mama a fucking partner in my life
If she got sick, I would never leave
Fuck your mama so hard
I would never leave her
She's my partner
Sometimes she goes to the bathroom at an airport
And I look at her photo
I miss her so much
I fucking love your mama
I would spend my life fucking here
Dan Harmon, everybody
Thank you
I'm not going to look back at the standing O
I don't even know
Oh, shit
They sat quickly
That was great
Yeah
I've graduated physically to a new thing
Where I don't bother to try to...
Did you ever notice that?
I used to go like that
But now I'm just slowly going like this
I am a toddler, I know
I recognize it
As you get older
You start to treat your ledges like big stairs
Because it's the way to preserve your dignity
Because if I were to go into committing to it being a thing
Then I would go like this
And then I'd be like, I can't
I'm just going to do it Louis Anderson style now
It's only at that moment that you chose to preserve your dignity for us
Yeah, thank you
These things go on in your head
They don't reflect reality
Pretty nice set
Dan, do you want to do some stand-up set riffing?
Do you want to riff the set for us?
I want to take advantage of the set with a good musical cue
Aaron, clear their sight lines
Here we go
Do you want to rap me or what do you want to do?
Something dramatic and sci-fi
Sci-fi? Alright
From the beginning of the Quantum Cosmos
Entertainment has subsisted on one wavelength alone
The division between entertainer and the entertained
Now that barrier is shattered with a new show
One reaching into your mind
Making you part of the wonderment
That's not really going anywhere
Alright
You are losing your craving for cigarettes
You are thinking about stepping outside for a smoke
This device has no power over you
You are a sexual assertive being
Your board meeting is going to go well
Whether or not you eat the bagel
You can be thin
You can be decisive
You can run a company
You just aren't yet
Don't smoke
Stop eating
Skip the ranch
Seize the day
I thought that was building
Futuristic weight loss anti-smoking guy
You're right, you're right, you're right
That was entertainment
I think four people actually went out to get a smoke during that
I made them think about it
I thought about it
I quit smoking when I was 32
Remember smoking? Who smokes here?
Yay
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, we took a photo together earlier in the day
I don't even...
I think it was in your other hand
He's just trying to play to the crowd
No, you're cool, man, he's cool
Everyone give him stuff
What's the thing you can do with this many people that you can't do?
Play Duck Duck Goose
Some people want to play Duck Duck Goose
It's the worst game ever made
I want to see if you could crowd surf all the way down one row
and then all the way back up the other side
No, we can't crowd surf
Not with that attitude, you can't
You could conduct an orchestra you could assign
You could do that summer camp thing
That's what I was thinking
You guys are really into Snickers
but you guys are really into Doritos
I don't know
Not unless they pay us
We got to figure out an ending point
so we can move on with our celebration of community
We're moments away from playing Shadowrun
I know, but...
We have to just commit to making it a really high energy chapter of Shadowrun
Last time I think we just got in the car and went to a thing
We didn't do shit
I mean, you did... I don't know
Let's not dwell on the past
It's true
So this is like an action set piece for playing Shadowrun
because we just pulled away from the...
Well, I don't want to tell Spencer his business
Yeah, what are we talking about?
This is a lot of competition from the infusion bar
Why don't you guys sell drinks?
I just don't think the shushing helps
I appreciate the sentiment
It just doesn't seem effective is the only thing
What's your name?
Jessica has volunteered to go over to the bar and yell at people
Let's hear it for Jessica, everybody
Jessica is circling around the back
I don't want to be a defeatist
but I want to point out that this is why our show had low ratings
just because you're always hearing from the person that's telling you
to take it more seriously
You know, and then like Parks and Rec
you can just hang out and talk and watch it
Hey, I'd like a drink and I love Parks and Rec
and then it's like, no, shut up, listen
Fuck you
Flip
All right
Jessica, don't give up yet, you're doing good
You've done good
Jessica
Get over there, Jessica, make some enemies
Make people upset with you
She's got help, we have another woman coming to help her
Why don't we all go to the bar and do the show over there
Why don't we all take everybody over to the bar
and we'll just all go to the bar
I would think that they would come over here and talk
And he goes up like, guys, do you mind, really?
I think that
My spine and my enthusiasm is collapsing right now
I think the thing to do would be the opposite of telling them not to talk
The thing to do would probably go down there and
tell them to talk
Okay
Welcome to Secrets and Lies
Featuring the people in the bar
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
Hi gentlemen, hey, are you guys talking about apps?
We are
You are? What kind of apps do you have?
Well, we're about to Instagram a picture of all you all on the stage
Great, great, keep it down, hi, hi, how you doing?
You look like you're in a rock band
Are you in a rock band?
Yeah, actually I am
What's the name of your band?
Yeah, the funk master
Cool, keep it down
How are you guys? I think that covers it
Wait, where's the rumbling?
There's a rumbling back here
Hey, hey, hey, where are your kids?
I don't have kids
Well, exactly
I don't know, keep it down
You guys are doing great, you're beautiful, beautiful
I don't know, I don't know if that worked
But you at any time could be on the show for a time
All right, all right
I mean, I think it works, but it's going to, it's going to, the half life of that
What was the way that you got up?
Yeah, yeah
Well, I have to fill that chunk
Oh dear, oh no, oh baby
Oh no, oh
And I can't bend down to help her
Dry hump, dry hump opportunity
Oh, I'm out, thank you
All right
Good job, baby
We've cleared, we've cleared
Now that we've gotten that kind of silence
Let's earn it with our 9-Eleven song
I think I just made it worse
Maybe I was a little me and another
Like what the fuck was that?
If you're talking during this, then you're glad 9-Eleven happened
It's okay, it's okay, they're having a good time
Because I'm singing a 9-Eleven song
I'm just saying
Don't come down
Stay up
Stay towers
Why can't it be
9-10 again?
Why did it ever be 9-Eleven?
Freedom, speech,
terrors, reach
Pakistan must be behind this
Foreign strife
Liberated life
I'm calling to you
But I can't hear your name
Oh 9-Eleven
Why can't you be 9-10 again?
9-Eleven
When will you be 9-Eleven 12?
When will I stop breathing?
Freedom, I saw your body in the sunlight
I saw you, but you couldn't reach my hand
Dan, is this going to go on for a long time?
Because I don't want to be on stage for this
Do not like this
Evil, get back in the zone
Yes
Space, space, space
Space, rocket, 9-Eleven
Vaccinations, leukemia, cancer
AIDS, 9-Eleven
Don't talk during this
Send a message to your children
What will we leave behind
If we talk during the 9-Eleven segment of a show?
Where will we change?
Where will we grow?
I want to touch God's body
I want to be Trent Reznor
I want to touch your body
I want a 9-Eleven
What if we're all animals inside?
What if fucking and Jesus open wide?
Offensive things are good
Offensive things are art
I want a 9-Eleven
I want a 9-Your Heart
9-Eleven
Vaccines
Autism
9-Eleven
All right, should we do like a...
Thanks guys
Thank you
I loved it
You wouldn't have thought so hard to prove me wrong if I hadn't said anything
That is a 37% standing ovation
That's the 37% that's going to keep us on the air, buddy
That's the 30% of our audience that can hear what we're doing up here
This is like pockets of weird acoustics
I would have preferred if everyone had stood up just 37%
Can you guys do that right now?
Standing Prout
There we go
That was easily 60 plus percent
Did you say, Dan, at one point that you want to touch God's pony?
His body
What did you think I said?
I thought you said you want to touch God's pony
That's cute
How do you 9 someone's 11?
I know that you want a 9-My-Eleven
Physically, what is the procedure?
And now the suits come out and they want their explanations
And they want their affidavits, but it's fucking art
You don't explain it, you spit it, and you move on, or else people die
I don't know what it means, grandpa
I'm just saying, before I signed up for having my 11-9, I want to know exactly what I'm signing up for
You'll know
You'll know what's going to happen tonight
Can you 11-9? Could you go backwards and reverse engineer?
Yes, I'm going to 11-9 tonight
That's how they say it, that's how that song was released in Europe
Because they just get confused because it's not that
Because they would call September 11th, 11-9
Oh, that's right, they would have
No one's ever talked about that
They must be so confused
On November 9th, they seem to be just hanging out
Apparently not that big a deal to them
Wait, on 9-11, is there visual celebrations that Europeans would see?
Yeah, you know, like...
Everyone's like, yeah, towers fall again
I thought it was great
Now, is that you doing Trent Rissner or Jim Morrison? It was kind of somewhere in between
But it came through me and it was fucking amazing
You got... Have we ever had standing ovations during a show before?
I don't know that we have
No, unless you count the Oscars that I won an Emmy for
That got a standing ovation
That wasn't really me performing, that was Hugh Jackman doing when I wrote
But Sean Penn stood up and he doesn't even like the country, so it's like, kind of found his joy
Alright, I say Spencer, let's play some badass high-action shadow
Oh, you have a question, sir?
What's up?
I'm sorry about you, you brought Sean Penn
You brought Sean Penn, and I'm Mexican, so I really want to know what you thought of what he said during the Oscars
And furthermore, I would like to know what you think about drug dealing in Mexico
This guy's Mexican and he wanted to know...
What did Sean Penn say? Are you talking about like the...
He said that he made the joke about the guy who doesn't have a green card or something like that
He was just joking, right? He was just... I think they were just pals, yeah
Do you want to come up here and talk about it?
Because you can
Mexican-Harmenian!
You didn't even do the knee crawl, he just stood right up
So you were just... I didn't see that part of the Oscars
So Sean Penn made a joke and was it offensive to...
You didn't see the last award, the best movie award?
I wasn't up for anything
Fair enough, fair enough
Sean Penn made it... Did you just make an offhand joke or was he being political?
Well, I think it was an offhand joke, but there was so much debate on Twitter that he was super racist and whatever
He was just like, who gave this guy a green card?
It sounded like to me that he... I think he even knows the guy and he was making a joke about how hard we are on immigration
I think I didn't even have a green card
I think he was making... he was being ironic, right?
He was doing a bit, like he was doing his impression of a conservative
I remember when we forgave him for beating the shit out of Madonna
What's that?
Penn beat the shit out of Madonna
I'm not sure about that, but...
What was your name? Sorry, I don't get your name
Eric
We've met three times
Where's your green card?
Actually, last time I asked you about your advice on me trying to get a green card so I could stay here and work
You said, you know, sometimes you'll just have to admit that maybe you'll die under a bridge, but you'll die doing what you love
That's what you said to me
Yes
Yeah
That's true
I think you kind of...
Eric, thank you so much, sir
Alright, Eric, Eric, Eric the Mexican, is that politically incorrect too?
It's a nationality
Mucho gusto, seor
Sntate
Alright, Spencer
Do we have our character sheets?
Oh, I got them
Or should we just freestyle without us? Should we just go from the hip?
No, no, we'll do it by the books
What I meant was you got to imagine yourself dying under a bridge doing what you love and if that's okay with you then you should keep doing what you're doing
Dan, have you ever had fantasies about being in a band or fronting a band?
About me in a band?
Yes, have you ever had a fantasy about being in a band?
Sorry
What the bar don't know is that they're really going to be missing out on four people playing a role-playing game
It's entertainment dynamites
We're going to make it amazing though
It's a jungle over there
Alright, Spencer, are you good to go on this?
Sure, yeah
Alright, so I guess Chris is going to be playing Dr. Friend, I imagine?
Yeah, Chris is playing Dr. Friend
Alright, you guys ready for some fucking hard ass...
Take no prisoners
Futuristic RPG bullshit, Austin, Texas style
Alright
Spencer, if you would, would you please get us up to speed?
Yup
It's just bursting through
Today's Harmontown Recap was brought to you by Twitter user Let'sBeSapin
Last time on Harmontown Shadowrun
Our heroes continued their quest to capture Baldwin Brown as they drove their truck full of BTL chips to a small wooden house
Led by Eve's Spirit Eagle
Upon arrival, Eve's attempt to astrally project into the house was thwarted by a strong mana barrier
The fearless gym nightblade, the charming Mercy O'Donnell, and foreign hordegaard took matters into their own hands
The threesome infiltrated the rickety old house only to be met with a rickety old woman
Hordegaard distracted the woman as Mercy and Nightblade entered the basement to find two sleeping figures
Meanwhile, back at the truck, Eve and Dr. Friend explored their feelings for each other and shared a tender kiss while the Johnson sat by awkwardly
Will our gang find Baldwin Brown?
Will Hordegaard enjoy coffee with the old woman?
What will happen to Eve and Dr. Friend's budding relationship?
Find out on Harmon Run Shadow Town
Alright
So again, just to give credit where credit's due, a guy on Twitter named Let'sMeSapin wrote that for me
So I didn't write it
So that's a new thing, if you can write a Shadowrun recap
Yeah, if you want to write a Shadowrun recap and it's good, I'll read it because it's extra work that I won't have to do
That's great, that's awesome
Fantastic
Alright, so who's in the house right now?
So right now we have Gym Nightblade and Mercy in the house as well as Hordegaard who doesn't exist
So Gym Nightblade and Mercy O'Donnell are downstairs in the basement, they're peering into a darkened room where two sleeping figures appear to be sleeping
Meanwhile Eve and Friend are in the truck outside of the house
Who am I with?
You're with Jeff Davis, Eve
I get on the com link and I say Mercy, Nightblade, what's going on in the house? Give me the situation
Alright, we got two dozers underground
We haven't discussed what to do yet but I think we should calmly arouse them
I'm gonna take a closer look at them
Okay
You take a closer look at them, they don't seem to be moving, you just see, it looks kind of like just these still figures next to each other in bed
Almost like a rose of dirt
Okay, I blow really hard in their faces
Okay
They wake up with a start
Huh, what? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Can you start screaming? They're screaming
I stun baton
Alright, what's your club's plus agility?
God damn it
What do they look like Spencer?
They look like an old balding man and a young goatee wearing boy
I mean not boy, teenager
I don't know
Say again, a teenager with a what?
20 year old guy with a goatee and a balding man
You want, it's fucking balding, god damn it, what?
Do they look healthy? Clubs 3, unarmed 3, is that what you want?
No, agility is the other one
Agility 5
You hit him, right in the thing
But he doesn't seem to be bothered by it, he's just sleepy, he's getting stunned, he's like, oh my god, Jesus Christ
Is it Baldwin Brown?
Yeah
Gentlemen, okay, I'm gonna use, I'm gonna use Con
Okay
Gentlemen, we've been sent here by Brian McMahon, what's his name?
What?
Baldwin Brown
We've been sent here by Baldwin Brown, but we can't find him, can you tell us where he is?
That's me, and you're never gonna catch me alive
Drone, attack, attack, drone, attack
Okay, so is the young guy a drone?
What?
The old man's a drone
No
Who is talking?
The old man
Baldwin Brown is the guy you're talking to
Yeah, I just realized, did we all know that?
Don't cover the mic with your hands
Did we all know that?
No, we found out
You see a metallic sphere float up into the air, it must be this drone, it turns a turret towards you mercy, and it fires several bullets
Uh oh
Oh, but you dodge, you dodge nimbly out of the way of the drone
I run out of the room
Okay, you run out of the room
Right
Leaving Nightblade alone
Can I shoot it?
The drone?
Yeah
What's your pistols plus agility?
Pistols is two plus two, agility is five
Alright
You hit the drone, and you pierce its, what do you call it?
Armor shell, the bullet, you hear it reflecting inside the armor shell of the machine, and the drone falls to the ground with a crash, it must have been pretty cheap
Yeah
Can I just like, like I just want to restrain this guy immediately
Okay, Baldwin
Okay, you start grappling with Baldwin Brown, and you go to the floor, you're rolling around each other, and the goatee wearing guys are like
Alright you motherfuckers, knock this off right now, or I'm gassing this whole place
No fighting, no fighting in here, no fighting, no fighting
Bitch
If I stop fighting, are you gonna drone me?
No, you killed the drone bitch
Okay, can I run back in and use my wireless knife on the kid?
Uh, do you just want to like stab him with it?
Yeah
Uh, yeah, what's your knives, or what's your blades plus agility?
Um, so it's, so the wireless knife thing is 3P5
No, your blade skill, it's a skill
Oh blade skills, right
Yeah
Uh, 4, and my agility is 6
Okay, you stab at him with the knife, but with an inhuman cyborg like reflex, he dril- he jumps to the side faster than your eyes can see
And he disarms the blade, now he's holding the knife
Alright everybody
I got the knife bitch
Stop it, everybody cool it, cool it
I'm getting off of Baldwin Brown, and I'm like, I'm raising my hands
Meanwhile, in the truck, guy, uh, doctor, we should get in there, it sounds like they're having trouble in there
You sure you don't need some healing?
You don't need any healing?
Um, yeah, yeah, you could heal me a bit, I could take a bit of quick healing
Can I heal Eve a little?
Yeah, Eve is healed for a bit of damage
I healed you
Okay, you know, doc, you're no fighter, we need you alive, stay in the truck, guard the BTL chips, I'm going in
Perfect
I run toward the house
Alright, you enter the house, you see an old lady sitting on the couch in the front room enjoying a coffee with a dwarf, oh hordegaard
I have some, I taste some of the coffee
Alright
I go downstairs in the basement
Okay, you see what's happening, you see Baldwin Brown and Dan kind of, or not Dan, sorry, sorry Dan
Jim Nightblade staring at each other like something's gonna go down and you see a young man with goatee holding a knife as if he's gonna attack people with it
Hey guys, this is Baldwin Brown, let's get this motherfucker and get the fuck out of here
Alright, hold it, hold it, hold it
Okay, can I use negotiation?
Yeah, what are you trying to negotiate?
Uh, a sit down
Okay
Say words to that effect
Alright
Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, come on, we're all
We're all doing the same thing here, let's just calm down, put down the knife
And let's talk for a second, alright?
I'm gonna calm down, but I'm not gonna put down the knife, I feel like you just
Fair, fair, fair
So let's talk
Alright, what are you doing here?
Uh, we would like to have a moment alone with Mr. Brown
This is my house, bitch, you're in my basement
Well, we can take him outside to outside your house
I don't think he wants that
Alright, so here's the thing, I have a gun
Which shoots the equivalent of tiny knives
And you're holding the only bullet that you have
Oh, you think so, do you?
Well, I don't wanna, the reason why I got off of your friend is because I don't think that we have to do
We have to kill each other in order to resolve this
Well, I just feel like, you know, when you start fights while we're sleeping
Your intentions might be other than that
Hey, Nightblade, why are we talking with these guys?
Let's just take Nightblade and get him out of here
Uh, I shoot a Force V stun bolt at the guy with the knife
At the guy with the knife?
Ooooooooooyzak!
Alright, you hit him right in the face with a stun bolt, he goes down cold
Yeah
I stand over his stun body and go, who's the bitch now, bitch?
And I take his knife and I throw it into a dartboard and it's a bullseye and I go, fuck yeah
And then I sheepishly take it out because it's mine and I put it back in my bag
I feel like my healing helped
Over the come, like I say, thanks, doc!
Oh yeah, do you need a death touch for anything?
Not just yet
Do I have like zip cuffs or anything like that?
No, one of you might have handcuffs or something
I don't
And there's always rope, I've got rope!
I toss Nightblade some rope
Alright, I use the rope to fake cuff him
You use the rope
Oh, can I use a taser dart?
Uh, sure
I use a taser dart and I try to put it in, uh, in, uh, McMahon's
Wait, we can talk about this, we can talk about this
You don't have got a taser dart in me
Alright, so we're cool?
I mean, no, I'm tied up in my friend's house and you just knocked him out
We're gonna solve that problem, you're coming with us
Let's get him in the truck and get the hell out of here, we gotta get to that
Johnson will be pleased, Johnson's waiting in the truck for us, we'll get our money and we'll be done with this crap
And I use my skill of, uh, etiquette
And I say to him, like, it's going to be fine, we're gonna take care of you
Just, just be cool
And we'll be cool
Alright, okay
I'm resigned to this
Alright, he's resigned
Alright, let's get him out of the truck, we'll give him the Baldwin, they can take the truck, the BTLs, we'll get an Uber home
You head back to the truck where you meet with Johnson, he's like, uh, hi, hey
Hey
Here he is, Johnson, we got your man, we got your BTLs
I guess that's, uh, mission accomplished
We did our job, right?
Yeah, that's only some
I'm really proud of staying in the truck and helping you guys out as much as I did
You know, Doc, you helped
I just appreciate your energy, it's calming and cool
So, Johnson, pony up the dough, we'll just call, uh, we'll call it a job accomplished
I mean, you guys were way late on delivering the Baldwin Brown, I feel like that's not, you know, it's not what we agreed on
We're gonna use, okay, I'm gonna use Khan
Okay
I walk up to the Johnson
Hey, uh, first of all, you smell great
Second of all, I want to remind you that halfway through our mission, you told us that it was totally appropriate for us to take a little extra time
And actually, that's what you preferred
Huh
Don't you remember?
If you don't remember, you're an idiot
Do you wanna be an idiot?
No, no I don't
Alright
I guess here's your money
Thank you
Yeah! How much do we get? How much do we, guys, count it up, what do we get again? I forget
It was 5,000 a piece
5,000 a piece? That's gonna really low cost
Alright
I buy a new hat
So, uh, I guess we give him the truck with the BTL chips in it and Baldwin Brown
And I go over to the Johnson and say, look, I know you don't want a lot of questions about stuff, but why do you want this guy so bad?
Why do you want this guy so bad?
Let me tell you in song
No, um, you know, that's none of your goddamn business
Whoa, easy
Alright, um, I guess because it's time to start wrapping this up, we all huddle up, which is a thing that we all do at the end of a successful shadow run
And then Mercy leads us in our traditional little, like, chant that we do when we run a shadow properly
Yeah
We fought hard
We fought good
We believe in truth
Get out of my truck
And then we do this weird finger thing, da da da da da
And let's go bowling
Bowling
Cut to a montage of everyone bowling
Also, let's all stick around and watch the premiere of season 6, episode 1 of Keep It Down
That's Harmon-John, thanks for coming
Chris McKenna was our guest, Spencer Crittenden, Erin McGathy, Jeff Davis
Everybody, I want to see a 37% standing ovation
37% standing ovation
100%
5%
0%
102%
Thank you everybody, Chris McKenna, Spencer Crittenden, Erin McGathy, I'm Jeff Davis
How about one more time for Annie over here
Our human being back there
What big loud boo for Jordan
I'm Jeff Davis, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon
Thank you very much for coming
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show
Oh